1) 3 phases of Biodesign innovation process:
    ->Identify
    ->Invent
    ->Implement

2)a)Questionnaire is framed by

  step 1: Identify the objective and exact information of the survey in order to get a usable data for questionnaire
  step 2: Write the first draft in the paper which contains all the possible questions
  step 3: After the first draft was done,the better information containing questions will be shortlisted for the next
          step based on the similarity of ideas
  step 4: Order the questions from easy to answer questions and slowly proceed to the tougher ones in a logical manner
  step 5: It is essential to have clarity about the language,the respondents should also understood the language so the 
          questionnaire should be in local language and also in respondents language
  step 6: Ensure that there is no grammer and spelling errors
  step 7: Add an introductory note in order to make the respondents more comfortable.
  
  b)A study on noble medical device for better patient diagnosis and treating larynx cancer:
         
        Patient Survey
	
	1.What is your Gender?
           A) Male
	   B) Female
	2.What is your age?
	   A) Below 30
           B) 30-35
           C) 35-40
           D) 40-45
           E) Above 45
        3.What is your area of living?
           A) Rural
           B) Urban
	4.Are you benifited from our service?
           A) Yes
           B) No
        5.Which medical device helps you to give a better diagnosis result?
          A) Ultrasound
          B) PET
          C) CT
          D) MRI
        6. In which major disease you are affected by?
          A) Ischemic heart disease
          B) Stroke
          C) Lower respiratory Infection
          D) COPD
          E) Trachea,Bronchus & lung cancer
        7.Was your General Practitioner given enough information about your health condition?
          A) Yes
          B) No
          C) Can't Remember
        8.The facilities provided by the hospital is ?
          A) Good
          B) Better
          C) Sufficient
          D) Not Sufficient
       9.While operating biopsy for testing the tissue sample of the cancer patient,did the doctors 
         help you to get rid out from your fear during surgery?
	  A) Yes
          B) No
       10.Nurses in the hospital provide better Patient care for the patients?
          A) Agree
          B) Disagree
       11.Thus the Medical Assistants provide better communication between patient and doctor?
          A) Yes
          B) No
       12.If you are a cancer patient ,Based on which stage of your cancer the treatments are provided?
         A) Stage I and II
         B) Stage III
         C) Stage IV 
      13.Is the medical device manufacturers visted the hospital for checking the medical devices?
         A) Visited
         B) Not visited
         C) Sometimes visited
      14.Any other feedbacks?