1)Business Collaboration Deal

 Suganthi:  Good morning sir,I am Suganthi,Business development manager of Curneu Medtech Pvt.Ltd.Nice to meet you sir.
 3rd party 
 organization 
 Manager :  Hi,I am the Business development manager of XYZ organisation.Glad to meet you.

 Me      :  I always keep updating myself on the new technologies provided by your company.
            All of which has facinated me.

 Person 2:  I am glad to know that you have liked what we have come up with. 
 
 Me      :  Of course sir.Especially the smartscope,which converts PC into an oscilloscope and thereby making it available to everybody.
            This is actually what our company is aiming for,affordable healthcare solutions which are easily accessible.
 Person 2:  Yes.In fact,even I have been reading up on your company.And I really like the motto that your company stands for.
 
 Me      :  Thank you sir,that's exactly what we are aiming to do,provide quality healthcare services to the needy. 
            Curneu Medtech concentrates on both Biotechnology and Instrumentation.We do clinical trials,Research and 
            Experimental Development.We provide Innovative healthcare solutions.

 Person 2:  Yes.I am aware of the services that your company provides and really like the innovations that you have made so far.
            The most important thing is to provide services for those in need.That is why we are concentrating more 
            on Research and Development work related to that.Also our company focuses on Tech products,Biomedical equipment sales and service,
            Medical and industrial 3D printing and modelling work.

 Me      :  Yes sir.There is lot of scope for the fields that you are working in.As a matter of fact,We have also been concentrating 
            on clinical trails,protocol development and R&D.
            Both of us are working towards the same goal.Individually we have achieved a lot.By integrating both our companies together 
            we can achieve a lot more.Combining the technologies that you provide and the resourses,service and knowledge that we have,
            we can contribute more to the society.

 Person 2:  Yes,I agree that we can achive more when we work together.I like your approach.I will think about it and contact you.
 
 Me      :  Thank you sir, I will be waiting for your positive response.
            


2)A) I took this test to evaluate myself and test my problem solving skills as well as my capacity to 
     understand a problem and how to approach it.This test will also act as a stepping stone to my 
     self development.Another reason as to why i took this test is that,my area of interest matches 
     that of the work done by the company.So, i am excited to learn more about it and would like to be
     a part of it. 

  B) I want to join Curneu Medtech Pvt.Ltd.Because it provides services related to biotechnology and
     instrumentation.Also focuses on clinical trials & data management,protocol development and also 
     a part of Research and Development works.My area of interests, Life sciences and Hospital system
     management match the work carried out by the company.Moreover i strongly believe that my knowledge
     on functional anatomy and physiology,Medical device technology and maintenance of medical equipments
     and documentation will be indispensable to the company.This job would pave the way for a successful
     and fulfilling career.I believe that working in this company will help me to achieve my short term
     goal as well as long term goal.This job will be quite challenging as it demands the holder to always 
     be on par with current trends and technologies.since,I am passionate about always updating my skills 
     and knowledge.I would be perfect for this job.Being an startup company i will have more space for
     individual growth.Since i am a team player ,It will be easy for me to coordinate among the members.
     With my knowledge and resources provided by the company i am sure that i will be able to contribute 
     to the maximum.This is really a good chance for me to develop my career.
    