1) MTF(Modulation Transfer Function) is nothing but a graphical description, which shows the characteristics of an imaging system 
   and also it includes the characteristics of an individual components (such as lens,film,sensors etc..,).That function also prevents 
   the image degradation in imaging system.It is calculated by using this formula,
                          
		 MTF=(Imax-Imin)/(Imax+Imin)

	where,
	      MTF=1 defines all contrast produced 
	      MTF=0 defines no contrast produced.


2) Visible spectrum is a part of Electromagnetic spectrum which is viewed by human eye.Its wavelength ranges from 390 to 700 nm.

3) The below are some of the techniques used for the classification of optical camera images:
   1.FPGA
	It is a programmable device which is directly configure for program and interconnect many array of elements which it is 
        present based on user specification.colour and gray scale images are enhanced by the use of FPGA.
   2.Focal Plane
	Its comes under SIMD(Single Instruction Multiple Data) architecture.It can be done 500-1500 giga operations.It is mainly used
        for image reorganisation and image half toning.
   3.Cloud
	It extracts the features of the image and transmit to the cloud server.Also perform matching in the space of the quantised projection.
   4.Segmentation
        In real time, the images can be segmented in a non parametric way.

4) Law of absorption in radiological imaging:
   

5) Sensor Sensitivity:
        Sensitivity is the ratio between output signal and measured property.It is also the slope of the transfer function.
	Sensitivity is constant if the sensor measures temperature and produce a output as voltage.

   Sensor Selectivity:
	Selectivity is the ablity to filter out signals from a large number of signals without interference from others.It is that how well the 
        sensor can able to discriminate the responses from adjacent inputs. For ex, if gas sensor is designed for methane then how well it responds 
        to methane in that mixture of gases.       